Expand docs (#144)
arfc/saltproc: doc/devguide/contributing.rst

Instructions for setting up a development environment
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The SaltProc is compatible with Python >=3.5. Anaconda is the recommended distribution to use to work on SaltProc; we will assume that if you want to use another distribution or your own set up, you can translate the instructions.

Reviewer: Is this still true? Because Python 3.5 is no longer supported we may want to bump this.

Author: I agree. Let's bump it to 3.7?

Please use the provided pull request template. In particular:

> -  **Make sure the test suite passes** on your computer. To do so, run ``py.test saltproc`` in the repository directory. At a minimum, you must run the tests reqiuring serpent locally as they are not tested by our CI

Reviewer: Because the official pytest docs use `pytest` as the recommended command, we may want to revise this to be in line with them. 
```suggestion
-  **Make sure the test suite passes** on your computer. To do so, run ``pytest saltproc`` in the base directory of this repository. At a minimum, you must run the tests requiring serpent locally as they are not tested by our CI
```

Author: Good catch
